src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/RefillMicroserviceApplication.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/RefillMicroserviceApplication.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/RefillMicroserviceApplication.java:14:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/RefillMicroserviceApplication.java:14:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/RefillMicroserviceApplication.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/RefillMicroserviceApplication.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/RefillMicroserviceApplication.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/RefillMicroserviceApplication.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/SwaggerConfig.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/SwaggerConfig.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/SwaggerConfig.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/SwaggerConfig.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/SwaggerConfig.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/SwaggerConfig.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:31:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:31:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:32:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrderSubscriptionService field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:32:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrderSubscriptionService field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:32:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderSubscriptionService
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:32:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderSubscriptionService
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:38:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Authorization" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 38
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:38:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Authorization" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 38
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'memberId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'memberId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subscriptionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subscriptionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'payStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'payStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:67:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:67:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'quantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'quantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:69:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:69:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'memberId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'memberId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'quantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'quantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'time' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'time' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:89:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:89:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:96:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:96:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:98:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:98:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:106:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:106:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subscriptionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillController.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subscriptionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/dao/RefillOrderSubscriptionRepository.java:22:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'deleteBySubscriptionId': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/dao/RefillOrderSubscriptionRepository.java:22:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'deleteBySubscriptionId': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/ExceptionResponse.java:22:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the messge field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/ExceptionResponse.java:22:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the messge field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/ExceptionResponse.java:22:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/ExceptionResponse.java:22:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/ExceptionResponse.java:26:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the timestamp field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/ExceptionResponse.java:26:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the timestamp field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/ExceptionResponse.java:26:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/ExceptionResponse.java:26:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/ExceptionResponse.java:30:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the status field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/ExceptionResponse.java:30:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the status field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/ExceptionResponse.java:30:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/ExceptionResponse.java:30:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrder.java:28:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrder.java:28:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrder.java:29:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the id field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrder.java:29:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the id field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrder.java:29:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrder.java:29:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrder.java:33:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrder.java:33:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrder.java:34:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refilledDate field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrder.java:34:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refilledDate field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrder.java:46:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the quantity field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrder.java:46:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the quantity field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrder.java:46:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrder.java:46:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrder.java:50:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the memberId field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrder.java:50:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the memberId field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrder.java:50:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrder.java:50:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrderSubscription.java:27:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrderSubscription.java:27:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrderSubscription.java:28:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the id field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrderSubscription.java:28:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the id field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrderSubscription.java:28:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrderSubscription.java:28:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrderSubscription.java:32:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the subscriptionId field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrderSubscription.java:32:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the subscriptionId field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrderSubscription.java:32:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrderSubscription.java:32:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrderSubscription.java:36:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the memberId field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrderSubscription.java:36:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the memberId field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrderSubscription.java:36:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrderSubscription.java:36:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrderSubscription.java:40:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillQuantity field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrderSubscription.java:40:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillQuantity field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrderSubscription.java:40:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrderSubscription.java:40:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrderSubscription.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillTime field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrderSubscription.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillTime field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrderSubscription.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/RefillOrderSubscription.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/DrugQuantityNotAvailable.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/DrugQuantityNotAvailable.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:17:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:17:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:23:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like invalidTokenException
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:23:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like invalidTokenException
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'invalidTokenException' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'invalidTokenException' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like subscriptionException
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like subscriptionException
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subscriptionException' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subscriptionException' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:44:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like serviceUnavailableException
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:44:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like serviceUnavailableException
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'serviceUnavailableException' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'serviceUnavailableException' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'drugException' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'drugException' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/InvalidTokenException.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/InvalidTokenException.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/SubscriptionIdNotFoundException.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/SubscriptionIdNotFoundException.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/restclients/AuthFeign.java:17:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/restclients/AuthFeign.java:17:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/restclients/AuthFeign.java:18:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getValidity': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/restclients/AuthFeign.java:18:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getValidity': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/restclients/DrugDetailClient.java:20:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updateQuantity': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/restclients/DrugDetailClient.java:20:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updateQuantity': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/restclients/SubscriptionClient.java:19:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDrugNameBySubscriptionId': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/restclients/SubscriptionClient.java:19:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDrugNameBySubscriptionId': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderService.java:27:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getStatus': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderService.java:27:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getStatus': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderService.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRefillDuesAsOfDate': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderService.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRefillDuesAsOfDate': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderService.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderService.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderService.java:52:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'requestAdhocRefill': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderService.java:52:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'requestAdhocRefill': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderService.java:53:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderService.java:53:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderService.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderService.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderService.java:64:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'requestRefill': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderService.java:64:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'requestRefill': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderService.java:72:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updateRefill': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderService.java:72:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updateRefill': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderService.java:78:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'startTimer': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderService.java:78:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'startTimer': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderService.java:80:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderService.java:80:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderService.java:92:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRefillPaymentDues': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderService.java:92:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRefillPaymentDues': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:34:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:34:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderRepository
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderRepository
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:39:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:39:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:40:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrderSubscriptionService field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:40:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrderSubscriptionService field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:40:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderSubscriptionService
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:40:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderSubscriptionService
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:42:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:42:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:43:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the drugDetailClient field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:43:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the drugDetailClient field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:45:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:45:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:46:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the subscriptionClient field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:46:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the subscriptionClient field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:46:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like subscriptionClient
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:46:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like subscriptionClient
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:49:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:49:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:51:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:51:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:51:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the msg field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:51:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the msg field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:51:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:51:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:66:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'list' (lines '66'-'69').
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:66:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'list' (lines '66'-'69').
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:66:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'list' is never used (overwritten on line 69)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:66:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'list' is never used (overwritten on line 69)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:67:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'finallist' (lines '67'-'70').
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:67:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'finallist' (lines '67'-'70').
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:67:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'finallist' is never used (overwritten on line 70)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:67:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'finallist' is never used (overwritten on line 70)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:72:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:72:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:73:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:73:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:77:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:77:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:77:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:77:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'memberId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'memberId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'memberList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'memberList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:100:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userTime' (lines '100'-'110').
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:100:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userTime' (lines '100'-'110').
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userTime' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userTime' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:108:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:108:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:108:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:108:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:112:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:112:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'payStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'payStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'quantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'quantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:126:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:126:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entityname' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entityname' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'responseEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'responseEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:139:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'responsevalue' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:139:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'responsevalue' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:141:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:141:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'format' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'format' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:146:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:146:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'str' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'str' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:160:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:160:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:160:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:160:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:163:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:163:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'memberId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'memberId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'quantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'quantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:182:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'format' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:182:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'format' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:182:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:182:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'str' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'str' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:192:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:192:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:192:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:192:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:195:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:195:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:208:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subscriptionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:208:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subscriptionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:208:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:208:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:212:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:212:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:213:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:213:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:215:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:215:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:215:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:215:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:215:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:215:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:215:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:215:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:215:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paymentDueList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:215:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paymentDueList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:216:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:216:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:218:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:218:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:218:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:218:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:219:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:219:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:224:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:224:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:224:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:224:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:234:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:234:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:241:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:241:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:244:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:244:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:244:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:244:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:247:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cal' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:247:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cal' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:249:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'min' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:249:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'min' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:255:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:255:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:263:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:263:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:269:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:269:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:269:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:269:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:277:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:277:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:281:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:281:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:282:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'timer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:282:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'timer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:283:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:283:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:283:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like tt
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:283:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like tt
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:284:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:284:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:284:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:284:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:287:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:287:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:294:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:294:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:294:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderServiceImpl.java:294:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionService.java:14:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionService.java:14:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionService.java:23:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updateRefillOrderSubscription': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionService.java:23:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updateRefillOrderSubscription': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionService.java:30:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getall': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionService.java:30:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getall': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionService.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'deleteBySubscriptionId': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionService.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'deleteBySubscriptionId': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:18:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:18:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:20:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:20:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:21:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrderSubscriptionRepository field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:21:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrderSubscriptionRepository field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:21:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderSubscriptionRepository
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:21:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderSubscriptionRepository
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:26:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the msg field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:26:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the msg field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:26:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:26:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:28:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:28:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'memberId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'memberId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'quantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'quantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'time' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'time' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrderSubscription' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrderSubscription' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:45:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderSubscription
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:45:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderSubscription
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:55:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:55:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:55:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:55:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:71:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:71:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:71:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:71:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subscriptionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subscriptionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:87:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:87:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:87:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl.java:87:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/RefillMicroserviceApplicationTests.java:7:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/RefillMicroserviceApplicationTests.java:7:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/RefillMicroserviceApplicationTests.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/RefillMicroserviceApplicationTests.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/RefillMicroserviceApplicationTests.java:9:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the contextLoads method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/RefillMicroserviceApplicationTests.java:9:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the contextLoads method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/RefillMicroserviceApplicationTests.java:9:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/RefillMicroserviceApplicationTests.java:9:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/RefillMicroserviceApplicationTests.java:9:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/RefillMicroserviceApplicationTests.java:9:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.jupiter.api.Assertions.assertNotNull'
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.jupiter.api.Assertions.assertNotNull'
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:28:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:28:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:29:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillController field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:29:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillController field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:34:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:34:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:35:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrderSubscriptionService field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:35:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrderSubscriptionService field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:35:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderSubscriptionService
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:35:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderSubscriptionService
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:41:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the viewRefillStatusTest method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:41:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the viewRefillStatusTest method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:41:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:41:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:50:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "token" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 50
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:50:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "token" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 50
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:50:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:50:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:52:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "200 OK" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 52
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:52:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "200 OK" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 52
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:56:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:56:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:61:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getRefillDuesAsOfDateTest method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:61:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getRefillDuesAsOfDateTest method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:61:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getRefillDuesAsOfDateTest' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:61:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getRefillDuesAsOfDateTest' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:62:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:62:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:67:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:67:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:71:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getRefillDuesAsOfPayment method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:71:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getRefillDuesAsOfPayment method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:71:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getRefillDuesAsOfPayment' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:71:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getRefillDuesAsOfPayment' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:72:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:72:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:77:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:77:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:81:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:81:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:81:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the requestAdhocRefill method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:81:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the requestAdhocRefill method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:82:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:82:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:88:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:88:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:92:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the requestRefillSubscription method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:92:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the requestRefillSubscription method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:93:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:93:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:99:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:99:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:103:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the viewRefillOrderSubscriptionStatus method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:103:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the viewRefillOrderSubscriptionStatus method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:104:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:104:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:107:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:107:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:107:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:107:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:109:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:109:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:113:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the startTimer method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:113:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the startTimer method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:116:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:116:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:117:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:117:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:120:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the deleteBySubscriptionId method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:120:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the deleteBySubscriptionId method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:124:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/controller/RefillControllerTest.java:124:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/dao/test/DrugQuantityNotAvailableException.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.Assert.assertEquals'
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/dao/test/DrugQuantityNotAvailableException.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.Assert.assertEquals'
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/dao/test/DrugQuantityNotAvailableException.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/dao/test/DrugQuantityNotAvailableException.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/dao/test/DrugQuantityNotAvailableException.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/dao/test/DrugQuantityNotAvailableException.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/dao/test/DrugQuantityNotAvailableException.java:13:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the drugQuantityNotAvailableException method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/dao/test/DrugQuantityNotAvailableException.java:13:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the drugQuantityNotAvailableException method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/dao/test/DrugQuantityNotAvailableException.java:13:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/dao/test/DrugQuantityNotAvailableException.java:13:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/dao/test/DrugQuantityNotAvailableException.java:15:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'drugQuantityNotAvailableException' (lines '15'-'19').
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/dao/test/DrugQuantityNotAvailableException.java:15:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'drugQuantityNotAvailableException' (lines '15'-'19').
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/dao/test/DrugQuantityNotAvailableException.java:15:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'drugQuantityNotAvailableException' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/dao/test/DrugQuantityNotAvailableException.java:15:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'drugQuantityNotAvailableException' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/dao/test/DrugQuantityNotAvailableException.java:15:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like drugQuantityNotAvailableException
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/dao/test/DrugQuantityNotAvailableException.java:15:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like drugQuantityNotAvailableException
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/dao/test/DrugQuantityNotAvailableException.java:15:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'drugQuantityNotAvailableException'.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/dao/test/DrugQuantityNotAvailableException.java:15:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'drugQuantityNotAvailableException'.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/dao/test/DrugQuantityNotAvailableException.java:16:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/dao/test/DrugQuantityNotAvailableException.java:16:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/dao/test/DrugQuantityNotAvailableException.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/dao/test/DrugQuantityNotAvailableException.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:14:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the date field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:14:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the date field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:14:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:14:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:15:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the response1 field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:15:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the response1 field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:15:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:15:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:16:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the response2 field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:16:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the response2 field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:16:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:16:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:19:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testMessage method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:19:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testMessage method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:21:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:21:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:25:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testDate method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:25:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testDate method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:27:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:27:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:31:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testHttpstatus method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:31:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testHttpstatus method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:33:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/ExceptionResponseTest.java:33:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:14:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the date field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:14:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the date field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:14:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:14:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:15:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrderSubscription field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:15:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrderSubscription field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:15:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:15:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:15:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderSubscription
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:15:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderSubscription
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:16:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrderSubscription2 field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:16:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrderSubscription2 field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:16:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:16:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:16:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderSubscription2
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:16:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderSubscription2
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:19:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testRefillId method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:19:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testRefillId method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:21:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:21:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:27:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testsubscriptionId method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:27:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testsubscriptionId method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:29:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:29:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:33:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testRefillQuantity method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:33:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testRefillQuantity method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:35:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:35:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:39:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testMemberId method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:39:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testMemberId method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:41:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:41:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:46:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testRefillTime method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:46:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testRefillTime method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:48:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionTest.java:48:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:13:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the date field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:13:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the date field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:13:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:13:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:14:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrder field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:14:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrder field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:14:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:14:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:15:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrder2 field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:15:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrder2 field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:15:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:15:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:18:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testRefillId method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:18:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testRefillId method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:20:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:20:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:24:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testrefilledDate method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:24:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testrefilledDate method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:26:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:26:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:30:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testPayStatus method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:30:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testPayStatus method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:32:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:32:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:32:	UseAssertTrueInsteadOfAssertEquals:	UseAssertTrueInsteadOfAssertEquals: Use assertTrue(x)/assertFalse(x) instead of assertEquals(true, x)/assertEquals(false, x) or assertEquals(Boolean.TRUE, x)/assertEquals(Boolean.FALSE, x).
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:32:	UseAssertTrueInsteadOfAssertEquals:	UseAssertTrueInsteadOfAssertEquals: Use assertTrue(x)/assertFalse(x) instead of assertEquals(true, x)/assertEquals(false, x) or assertEquals(Boolean.TRUE, x)/assertEquals(Boolean.FALSE, x).
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:36:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testSubId method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:36:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testSubId method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:38:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:38:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:42:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testRefillQuantity method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:42:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testRefillQuantity method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:44:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:44:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:48:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testMemberId method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:48:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testMemberId method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:50:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/RefillOrderTest.java:50:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:11:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the token1 field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:11:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the token1 field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:11:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:11:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:12:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the token2 field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:12:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the token2 field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:12:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:12:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:15:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testUid method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:15:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testUid method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:17:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:17:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:21:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testName method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:21:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testName method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:23:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:23:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:27:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testIsValid method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:27:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testIsValid method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:29:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:29:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:29:	UseAssertTrueInsteadOfAssertEquals:	UseAssertTrueInsteadOfAssertEquals: Use assertTrue(x)/assertFalse(x) instead of assertEquals(true, x)/assertEquals(false, x) or assertEquals(Boolean.TRUE, x)/assertEquals(Boolean.FALSE, x).
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:29:	UseAssertTrueInsteadOfAssertEquals:	UseAssertTrueInsteadOfAssertEquals: Use assertTrue(x)/assertFalse(x) instead of assertEquals(true, x)/assertEquals(false, x) or assertEquals(Boolean.TRUE, x)/assertEquals(Boolean.FALSE, x).
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:33:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testToString method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:33:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testToString method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'str' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'str' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:35:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/entity/test/TokenValidTest.java:35:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:18:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:18:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:20:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:20:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:21:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the globalExceptionHandler field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:21:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the globalExceptionHandler field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:21:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like globalExceptionHandler
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:21:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like globalExceptionHandler
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:24:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the invalidTokenException method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:24:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the invalidTokenException method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:26:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:26:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:31:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the subscriptionIdNotFoundException method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:31:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the subscriptionIdNotFoundException method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:33:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:33:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:38:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the serviceUnavailableException method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:38:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the serviceUnavailableException method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:40:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:40:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:45:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the drugQuantityNotAvailable method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:45:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the drugQuantityNotAvailable method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:47:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/exception/test/GlobalExceptionHandlerTest.java:47:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:35:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:35:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:37:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:37:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:38:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrderServiceImpl field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:38:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrderServiceImpl field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:38:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderServiceImpl
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:38:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderServiceImpl
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:40:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:40:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:41:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrderSubscriptionService field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:41:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrderSubscriptionService field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderSubscriptionService
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderSubscriptionService
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:43:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:43:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the drugDetailClient field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the drugDetailClient field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:46:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:46:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:47:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the subscriptionClient field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:47:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the subscriptionClient field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:47:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like subscriptionClient
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:47:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like subscriptionClient
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:49:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:49:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:50:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrderRepository field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:50:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrderRepository field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:50:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderRepository
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:50:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderRepository
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:53:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:53:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:55:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:55:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:55:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mId field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:55:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mId field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:55:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:55:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:57:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:57:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:57:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the flag field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:57:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the flag field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:57:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:57:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:60:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getStatus method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:60:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getStatus method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:60:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getStatus' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:60:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getStatus' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:65:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "name" appears 20 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 65
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:65:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "name" appears 20 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 65
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:65:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "uid" appears 20 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 65
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:65:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "uid" appears 20 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 65
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:66:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "token" appears 51 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 66
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:66:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "token" appears 51 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 66
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:70:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:70:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:72:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:72:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:72:	UseAssertTrueInsteadOfAssertEquals:	UseAssertTrueInsteadOfAssertEquals: Use assertTrue(x)/assertFalse(x) instead of assertEquals(true, x)/assertEquals(false, x) or assertEquals(Boolean.TRUE, x)/assertEquals(Boolean.FALSE, x).
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:72:	UseAssertTrueInsteadOfAssertEquals:	UseAssertTrueInsteadOfAssertEquals: Use assertTrue(x)/assertFalse(x) instead of assertEquals(true, x)/assertEquals(false, x) or assertEquals(Boolean.TRUE, x)/assertEquals(Boolean.FALSE, x).
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:77:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getStatusInvalidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:77:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getStatusInvalidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:77:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getStatusInvalidToken' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:77:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getStatusInvalidToken' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:84:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getStatusInvalidSubscriptionIdNotFoundException method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:84:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getStatusInvalidSubscriptionIdNotFoundException method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:84:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getStatusInvalidSubscriptionIdNotFoundException' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:84:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getStatusInvalidSubscriptionIdNotFoundException' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:96:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getRefillDuesAsOfDate method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:96:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getRefillDuesAsOfDate method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:96:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getRefillDuesAsOfDate' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:96:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getRefillDuesAsOfDate' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'l' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'l' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:108:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:108:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:110:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:110:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:114:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getRefillDuesAsOfDateTwo method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:114:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getRefillDuesAsOfDateTwo method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:114:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getRefillDuesAsOfDateTwo' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:114:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getRefillDuesAsOfDateTwo' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:116:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:116:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:118:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:118:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:119:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:119:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:124:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'l' (lines '124'-'131').
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:124:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'l' (lines '124'-'131').
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'l' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'l' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:124:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:124:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:124:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'l'.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:124:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'l'.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:128:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:128:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:130:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:130:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:134:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getRefillDuesAsOfDateThree method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:134:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getRefillDuesAsOfDateThree method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:134:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getRefillDuesAsOfDateThree' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:134:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getRefillDuesAsOfDateThree' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:144:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:144:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:147:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:147:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:152:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getRefillDuesAsOfDateInvalidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:152:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getRefillDuesAsOfDateInvalidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:152:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getRefillDuesAsOfDateInvalidToken' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:152:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getRefillDuesAsOfDateInvalidToken' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:161:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:161:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:161:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the requestAdhocRefill method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:161:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the requestAdhocRefill method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:163:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:163:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:165:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entityname' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:165:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entityname' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:165:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:165:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:167:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:167:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'responseEntity' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'responseEntity' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:170:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "salem" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 170
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:170:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "salem" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 170
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:173:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:173:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:175:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:175:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:178:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:178:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:182:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:182:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:186:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the requestAdhocRefilllInvalidTokenException method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:186:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the requestAdhocRefilllInvalidTokenException method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:188:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:188:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:189:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:189:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:197:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the requestAdhocRefillDrugQuantityNotAvailable method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:197:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the requestAdhocRefillDrugQuantityNotAvailable method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:198:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:198:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entityname' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entityname' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:201:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:201:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:202:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:202:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:207:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:207:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:214:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the requestRefill method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:214:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the requestRefill method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:215:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:215:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:216:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:216:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:218:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:218:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:219:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:219:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:220:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:220:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:224:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:224:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:230:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the requestRefillInvalidTokenException method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:230:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the requestRefillInvalidTokenException method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:233:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:233:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:239:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getRefillDuesAsOfPayment method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:239:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getRefillDuesAsOfPayment method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:239:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getRefillDuesAsOfPayment' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:239:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getRefillDuesAsOfPayment' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:241:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:241:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:242:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:242:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:244:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:244:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:245:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:245:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:246:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:246:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:249:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:249:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:253:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getRefillDuesAsOfPaymentTrue method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:253:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getRefillDuesAsOfPaymentTrue method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:253:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getRefillDuesAsOfPaymentTrue' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:253:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getRefillDuesAsOfPaymentTrue' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:255:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:255:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:256:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:256:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:258:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:258:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:260:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:260:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:263:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:263:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:263:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:263:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:267:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getRefillDuesAsOfPaymentFalse method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:267:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getRefillDuesAsOfPaymentFalse method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:267:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getRefillDuesAsOfPaymentFalse' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:267:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getRefillDuesAsOfPaymentFalse' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:269:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:269:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:270:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:270:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:272:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:272:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:273:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:273:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:274:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:274:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:276:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:276:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:276:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:276:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:281:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getRefillDuesAsOfPaymentException method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:281:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getRefillDuesAsOfPaymentException method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:281:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getRefillDuesAsOfPaymentException' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:281:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getRefillDuesAsOfPaymentException' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:283:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:283:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:284:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:284:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:290:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the updateRefill method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:290:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the updateRefill method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:291:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:291:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:292:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:292:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:294:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:294:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:295:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:295:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:296:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:296:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:297:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:297:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:299:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:299:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:301:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:301:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:305:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the updateRefillException method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:305:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the updateRefillException method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:306:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:306:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:307:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:307:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:313:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the startTimer method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:313:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the startTimer method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:314:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:314:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:315:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:315:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:317:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:317:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:318:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:318:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:319:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:319:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:322:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:322:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:323:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:323:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:324:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:324:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:330:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the startTimerException method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:330:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the startTimerException method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:331:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:331:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:332:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderServiceImplTest.java:332:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:23:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:23:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:25:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:25:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:26:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:26:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:26:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:26:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderSubscriptionServiceImpl
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:28:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:28:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:29:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrderSubscriptionRepository field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:29:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the refillOrderSubscriptionRepository field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:29:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderSubscriptionRepository
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:29:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like refillOrderSubscriptionRepository
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:31:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:31:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:32:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the authFeign field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:32:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the authFeign field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:35:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the updateRefillOrderSubscriptionTest method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:35:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the updateRefillOrderSubscriptionTest method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:36:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "name" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 36
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:36:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "name" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 36
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:36:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "uid" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 36
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:36:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "uid" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 36
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:37:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "token" appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 37
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:37:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "token" appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 37
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ros' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ros' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:41:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:41:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:46:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the updateRefillOrderSubscriptionTestFalse method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:46:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the updateRefillOrderSubscriptionTestFalse method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:55:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getallTest method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:55:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getallTest method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refillOrder' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'l' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'l' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:63:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:63:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:65:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:65:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:70:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getallTestFalse method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:70:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getallTestFalse method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:78:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the deleteBySubscriptionIdTest method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:78:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the deleteBySubscriptionIdTest method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:85:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:85:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:90:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the deleteBySubscriptionIdTestFalse method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:90:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the deleteBySubscriptionIdTestFalse method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/mailorderpharmacy/refill/service/test/RefillOrderSubscriptionServiceImplTest.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
